Here is a precise, copy-pasteable PoC Master Prompt you can feed to your AI
agent. It is designed to generate a working 2-page prototype (Login and
Dashboard with dummy printing) using a lightweight Go backend and a vanilla
HTML5/JS frontend inside a folder called pawn-go.

📋 Copy and Paste this Prompt into your AI Agent:

Role & Context: Act as a Senior Software Architect. We are building a
high-performance, offline-first Pawn Broker ERP for Windows. To bypass Windows
SmartScreen issues and handle thermal hardware printing cleanly, we are using a
Go Backend + Browser UI architecture.

Goal: Generate a complete, working Proof of Concept (PoC) inside a single
directory named pawn-go.

File Structure Required: All files must be placed inside the pawn-go folder:

pawn-go/
├── go.mod               # Go module configuration
├── main.go              # Go server, browser launcher, and API endpoints
└── web/                 # Frontend assets folder
    ├── index.html       # Single-Page-App with Login & Dashboard views
    ├── style.css        # Simple, modern UI styles
    └── app.js           # AJAX/Fetch logic to communicate with the Go backend

Requirements for main.go:

1.  Set up a standard HTTP server listening on http://localhost:8080.
2.  Serve static files from the ./web folder.
3.  Implement a POST /api/login endpoint that:
      - Expects JSON containing a 10-digit phone number and password.
      - Validates against the mock credentials: Phone 7845550512 and Password
        7845550512.
      - Returns a JSON success or failure response.
4.  Implement a POST /api/print endpoint that:
      - Simulates raw thermal printing.
      - When triggered, it should print a formatted ASCII receipt in the
        terminal console AND write a file named dummy_receipt.txt inside the
        pawn-go folder containing the mock transaction data to prove the backend
        can write local files.
5.  Implement a platform-specific function to automatically open the default web
    browser to http://localhost:8080 immediately upon starting the Go
    application.

Requirements for the Frontend (web/):

1.  Use vanilla HTML5, CSS, and modern ES6 JavaScript. No external heavy
    frameworks (like React or Angular) to ensure millisecond-level load times.
2.  index.html: Design a single-page structure containing two main sections
    controlled by JS:
      - Login View: A clean card requiring a 10-digit Indian phone number and a
        password. Validate that the phone input contains exactly 10 digits
        before sending.
      - Dashboard View (Hidden by default): Displays a simple stats card and a
        prominent, styled button that says "Print Pawn Ticket (Dummy)".
3.  style.css: Provide simple, modern UI styling. Use dark-gray backgrounds and
    blue accents appropriate for a professional desktop application.
4.  app.js:
      - Handle the login form submission. Perform a fetch() request to
        /api/login. If successful, hide the login container and display the
        dashboard container.
      - Handle the "Print" button click. Perform a fetch() request to
        /api/print. Show a success message (such as a temporary alert) when the
        Go backend confirms the printing operation.

Provide the exact file contents for all 5 files so I can run go run main.go
immediately.

⚙️ How you will run this after your agent generates the files:

1.  Create a folder on your Mac or PC called pawn-go.
2.  Paste the generated files into their respective paths.
3.  Open your terminal, navigate to the folder, and run:
    cd pawn-go
    go run main.go
4.  The Go server will start in milliseconds, and your default web browser will
    pop open automatically to the login page.
